Update docs for deps and conda (#408)
sgkit-dev/bio2zarr: docs/installation.md

```
and will always work.

:::{warning}

> Windows is not currently directly supported. We recommend the use
> of Windows Subsystem for Linux (WSL) Please comment on

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Windows support is preliminary, partial and needs to be fully documented. We recommend trying the bioconda packages in the first instance, and if this doesn't work try using 
Windows Subsystem for Linux (WSL). Please comment on
```

[this issue](https://github.com/sgkit-dev/bio2zarr/issues/174) if you would

> like to see direct Windows support for bio2zarr.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
if you would like to see improved Windows support for bio2zarr, or would like to help out with this.
```
